"The only true wisdom is in knowing you know nothing." – Socrates

"Where there is love there is life." – Mahatma Gandhi

"The unexamined life is not worth living." – Socrates

"Happiness is not something readymade. It comes from your own actions." – Dalai Lama

"We are what we pretend to be, so we must be careful about what we pretend to be." – Kurt Vonnegut

"This, too, shall pass." – Ancient Persian Sufi poets (often misattributed)

"To be yourself in a world that is constantly trying to make you something else is the greatest accomplishment." – Ralph Waldo Emerson

"Do not go where the path may lead, go instead where there is no path and leave a trail." – Ralph Waldo Emerson

"The mind is everything. What you think you become." – Buddha

"The present moment is filled with joy and happiness. If you are attentive, you will see it." – Thich Nhat Hanh

"Knowing yourself is the beginning of all wisdom." – Aristotle

"A room without books is like a body without a soul." – Marcus Tullius Cicero

"Our greatest glory is not in never failing, but in rising up every time we fail." – Ralph Waldo Emerson

"Change the way you look at things and the things you look at change." – Wayne Dyer

"Be the change that you wish to see in the world." – Mahatma Gandhi

"Creativity is intelligence having fun." – Albert Einstein

"The purpose of art is washing the dust of daily life off our souls." – Pablo Picasso

"Every artist was first an amateur." – Ralph Waldo Emerson

"Art enables us to find ourselves and lose ourselves at the same time." – Thomas Merton

"If you hear a voice within you say 'you cannot paint,' then by all means paint, and that voice will be silenced." – Vincent Van Gogh

"Have no fear of perfection—you'll never reach it." – Salvador Dalí

"Creativity takes courage." – Henri Matisse

"The work of art is a scream of freedom." – Christo

"Don't think about making art, just get it done. Let everyone else decide if it's good or bad, whether they love it or hate it. While they are deciding, make even more art." – Andy Warhol

"Imagination is the beginning of creation." – George Bernard Shaw

"The best way to predict the future is to create it." – Peter Drucker

"Success is not final; failure is not fatal: It is the courage to continue that counts." – Winston Churchill

"The difference between winning and losing is most often not quitting." – Walt Disney

"The successful warrior is the average man, with laser-like focus." – Bruce Lee

"I have not failed. I've just found 10,000 ways that won't work." – Thomas A. Edison

"Strive not to be a success, but rather to be of value." – Albert Einstein

"The only limit to our realization of tomorrow will be our doubts of today." – Franklin D. Roosevelt

"The road to success and the road to failure are almost exactly the same." – Colin R. Davis

"Action is the foundational key to all success." – Pablo Picasso

"You miss 100% of the shots you don't take." – Wayne Gretzky

"It is hard to fail, but it is worse never to have tried to succeed." – Theodore Roosevelt

"If you are not willing to risk the usual, you will have to settle for the ordinary." – Jim Rohn

"I attribute my success to this: I never gave or took an excuse." – Florence Nightingale

"Either write something worth reading or do something worth writing." – Benjamin Franklin

"The question isn't who is going to let me; it's who is going to stop me." – Ayn Rand

"Life is what happens when you're busy making other plans." – John Lennon

"Get busy living or get busy dying." – Stephen King

"In the end, it's not the years in your life that count. It's the life in your years." – Abraham Lincoln

"The journey of a thousand miles begins with a single step." – Lao Tzu

"The greatest pleasure in life is doing what people say you cannot do." – Walter Bagehot

"Attitude is a choice. Happiness is a choice. Optimism is a choice. Kindness is a choice. Giving is a choice. Respect is a choice. Whatever choice you make makes you. Choose wisely." – Roy T. Bennett

"Where focus goes, energy flows." – Tony Robbins

"If you want to live a happy life, tie it to a goal, not to people or things." – Albert Einstein

"You must do the things you think you cannot do." – Eleanor Roosevelt

"The minute you think you're good, you're dead." – Jack Kerouac

"Every moment is a fresh beginning." – T.S. Eliot

"Life shrinks or expands in proportion to one's courage." – Anaïs Nin

"The purpose of our lives is to be happy." – Dalai Lama

"You will face many defeats in life, but never let yourself be defeated." – Maya Angelou

"We do not remember days, we remember moments." – Cesare Pavese

"Darkness cannot drive out darkness: only light can do that. Hate cannot drive out hate: only love can do that." – Martin Luther King Jr.

"If you want to know what a man's like, take a good look at how he treats his inferiors, not his equals." – J.K. Rowling

"When you know better, do better." – Maya Angelou

"The only thing necessary for the triumph of evil is for good men to do nothing." – Edmund Burke

"No one is born hating another person... People must learn to hate, and if they can learn to hate, they can be taught to love." – Nelson Mandela

"Power tends to corrupt, and absolute power corrupts absolutely." – Lord Acton

"I'm not going to limit myself just because people won't accept the fact that I can do something else." – Dolly Parton

"It is better to be hated for what you are than loved for what you are not." – André Gide

"If you can't fly then run, if you can't run then walk, if you can't walk then crawl, but whatever you do you have to keep moving forward." – Martin Luther King Jr.

"Don't let yesterday take up too much of today." – Will Rogers

"I walk around like everything's fine, but deep down, inside my shoe, my sock is sliding off." – Anonymous

"My life has no purpose, no direction, no aim, no meaning, and yet I'm happy. I can't figure it out. What am I doing right?" – Charles Schulz

"I'm not arguing, I'm just explaining why I'm right." – Anonymous

"Worrying is like paying a debt you don't owe." – Mark Twain

"If you are not supposed to eat at night, why is there a light in the fridge?" – Anonymous

"I used to think I was indecisive, but now I'm not so sure." – Anonymous

"The best way to cheer yourself up is to try to cheer somebody else up." – Mark Twain

"I am so clever that sometimes I don't understand a single word of what I am saying." – Oscar Wilde

"By the time you're 80 years old you've learned everything. You only have to remember it." – George Burns

"I love deadlines. I love the whooshing noise they make as they go by." – Douglas Adams

"We are just an advanced breed of monkeys on a minor planet of a very average star. But we can understand the Universe. That makes us something very special." – Stephen Hawking

"Science is a way of thinking much more than it is a body of knowledge." – Carl Sagan

"Logic will get you from A to B. Imagination will take you everywhere." – Albert Einstein

"Nothing in life is to be feared, it is only to be understood. Now is the time to understand more, so that we may fear less." – Marie Curie

"If I have seen further, it is by standing on the shoulders of giants." – Isaac Newton

"The most exciting phrase to hear in science, the one that heralds new discoveries, is not 'Eureka!' but 'That's funny...'" – Isaac Asimov

"Somewhere, something incredible is waiting to be known." – Carl Sagan

"The important thing is not to stop questioning." – Albert Einstein

"The good thing about science is that it's true whether or not you believe in it." – Neil deGrasse Tyson

"We are all now connected by the Internet, like neurons in a giant brain." – Stephen Hawking

"You never really understand a person until you consider things from his point of view... until you climb into his skin and walk around in it." – Harper Lee

"It is only with the heart that one can see rightly; what is essential is invisible to the eye." – Antoine de Saint-Exupéry

"Not all those who wander are lost." – J.R.R. Tolkien

"So many books, so little time." – Frank Zappa

"Words are, of course, the most powerful drug used by mankind." – Rudyard Kipling

"Fairy tales are more than true: not because they tell us that dragons exist, but because they tell us that dragons can be beaten." – Neil Gaiman

"All that is gold does not glitter, not all those who wander are lost." – J.R.R. Tolkien

"I can resist everything except temptation." – Oscar Wilde

"Where shall I begin, please your Majesty?" he asked. "Begin at the beginning," the King said gravely, "and go on till you come to the end: then stop." – Lewis Carroll

"The stories we love best live in us forever." – J.K. Rowling

"You only live once, but if you do it right, once is enough." – Mae West

"It is never too late to be what you might have been." – George Eliot

"Our lives begin to end the day we become silent about things that matter." – Martin Luther King Jr.

"In order to be irreplaceable one must always be different." – Coco Chanel

"Don't count the days, make the days count." – Muhammad Ali